Datasets and Hypotheses: 
Good job providing what are the two datasets. However, you didn't explain why these two datasets are interesting 
from a DR perspective (i.e. is it going to be hard to reduce the number of features? What features do you think 
will be reduced). However, good job hypothesizing on what are challenges and results expected for each of the 
subsequent steps. However, there was no discussion on the effect of clustering on NN (reduction in time or 
increase in accuracy) 

Clustering: 
Good job presenting how the number of clusters is optimized for both KMeans 
and EM and what metric was used to determine the number of clusters. However, this section was missing the 
analysis of the results after selecting the number of clusters. Also, good job identifying improvements in 
methods for clustering. However, since there were no plots for the clustering, the discussion regarding the shape 
of the clusters is missed. Lastly, you could have compared the clustering results with the true label to evaluate 
the accuracy of the clustering. This is critical to notice any limitation in using clustering as a standalone tool. 

DR: 
Good job showing how you picked the # of components for all DR algos using objective evidence. However, there 
was no analysis/results on how the projections look (i.e., 2D or 3D plot of the new projection). Also, the 
projection plot is critical to understanding how the algorithms are converting the data into different dimensions. 

DR+Clustering: 
Good job showing how you selected the number of new clusters you got after DR, and how the results 
are interesting/different from step 1. However, there was no justification/rationale for why PCA was selected as the 
linear DR method compared to ICA for example. Also, similar to step 1, you could have compared the clustering 
results with the true label to evaluate the accuracy of the clustering or if the number of clusters was the same 
after DR, and what the clusters look like, i.e. radial, diagonal, etc. 

DR+NN: 
Good comparison of the performance 
before and after DR. However, the analysis was very slim and there was no comparison in terms of wall clock time. 

Clustering+NN: 
Similar to the section above, good comparison of the performance/wall clock time before and after 
clustering, as well as comparing the results with the baseline model. 

Following Directions:
Good job keeping the report under 8 pages. 

Good Luck with the rest of the semester!
- Daniel Joshua Boros